[Music]
hey hey sweetheart who are you Citigroup
gonna go eight oh one more thing I
wanted out let the final you took today
[Music]
i'm marga and 15 student 9-1-1 what's
your emergency
I'm calling to report a missing person
okay who is this regarding my daughter
I'm the detective assigned to your
daughter's case I need to know how
everything unfolded understood
we're gonna go lately I had one after
study session Margot didn't return home
Margo Kim school has her marked as
absent today - she didn't attend school
on Friday
my daughter is in a lesson with you
right now
Margo Castle turned classes six months
ago and three
she's been transferring funds for the
last six months we'll handle the ground
investigation but as a parent you can
help us with who your daughter talks to
is that something you can do
yes do you mind answering some questions
for me to help it here eat lunch alone
on Thursday every day you don't think
he's involved with anything serious I
know my daughter not really that close
she has friends right
I knows why did you invite her to study
group planning in the birthday next year
when was the last time you saw her she
did not run away looking team has been
missing since last Thursday made a
transaction of $2,500
I know my daughter where were you the
night my daughter went missing it's a
fake ID
they're teaching
I didn't know her didn't know my
daughter
[Music]
you